I like to eat fruit when is ripe and
veggies prepare just right but that can
be hard to find and I know that not
everyone is into this as I am but
hopefully once in a while you're buying
from organic sources or show Remy cars
just a bit more but it's all falling the
future of the world and the farms we
need do you think your children i'm
gonna eat went on the food is owned by
one company once they patented every
single seed i'm not making this up i can
look this stuff up don't put on your
smartphone so should I can't your wait
till the end of the tune on the see the
modified genetically it'd be nice if we
tested them to safety before we starting
Justin them fries daily but this doesn't
seem to be a priority yet I say the sea
is a disease getting deeper and creeping
up on my knee
me
eatin
if I had the last word I'd warn you all
the hazards but these fat cats a master
getting lost past fast before the
evidence explore they're not after sir
science days hit and we're giving a
disaster but if enough folks can uncover
this hose we might be able to expose the
dangers of GMOs and who knows people
reverse the flow of the strength if I
send them a message help it come to an
end so help us all i will read about
this stuff and we might just stand a
chance to stand up to the man or we can
all raise your hands and demand some
answers and when we call the bluff
enough they will be peeing in their
pants suits cuz now one study proves
this stuff safe and opinions me to make
the fact that we won't be able to trace
anything bad because the labels will add
the fact that's not actually what it
claims to read for my tastes the same to
the lame man is you don't you dare say
Amen for what you will predict it or
thank God for the blessing because the
measure which was made in a laboratory
by human your dinner amen
what's inside what you put inside your
body quit relying on the liars who are
smiling from the money the wallets from
the process bruder holics property
speaking about the products making all
of us in this stuff and I'm sick of the
games but fake signs and fraudulent
claims I want to know surely there's no
team or any kid machine that's really
keeping food clean cuz i don't consider
artificial crap in my food and while I'm
roofing it's you please don't cut my
food but in every way to exclude genetic
engineering from the lives of you booze
talking about now is it I never found
out the GMOs are all around cuz they
don't know they don't you hear about
what's in the fruits DNA don't take
action to change the chain reaction
remain an labels here in the USA it will
be super powers that we get when we
mutate
you